I'm glad there's no kids in cuz I work
with kids now and again you know what
they think I'm Coco the clown when I
walk up
honestly kids think I'm gonna pull a
string of my hair's gonna fly up you
don't actually go bald when you get
older in life it just grows in and it
comes out your nose near is hate people
that take drugs you know like customs
officers in policemen
follow the drugs helpline and you get
this woman's voice and she went if you
want information on cannabis press hash
last year in London there was a hundred
thousand people went marching to
legalize cannabis and they're all
marching going what do I want
when do we want it what have you ever
tried to watch on television why they
put it on opera you ever tried to watch
an opera everyone is exactly the same
you know if you watch if there's always
the same people in every opera there's
always a fat bird with Platts tin tits
in a helmet and she walks on a goatee
chipper lady medium on Tibet hair and a
big fat fella with a beard in an earring
he walks in and goes ha ha she stabs him
straight to the heart
he doesn't die he wants to sing then
disturb me just hurt me I started my
career in showbiz I was in a circus I
didn't do an act well they kept me on
for like nine years on the circus cuz I
was the only one who could get the tent
in the bag
there was
I was the the human cannonball he used
to get 60 pound a week plus a better
manage you know they but I left the
circus cuz we had there was a few
accidents and the contortionist who had
a heart attack can he died but he died
in his own arms so next time you're on a
plane if you want a bit of a laugh you
know and you know the person next he is
fast asleep and they start leaning in
your space put your life jacket on and
get your oxygen mask and wake him
I've got the paper this morning that
couldn't believe it you know the showbiz
papers and all that I'm looking through
this thing and the other picture of Liz
Hurley
you know the actress whether it were
their love child nice word in it a
different word when I was young
that wouldn't work at a football match
with it
the referees a lovechild
I want the dentist last week and my
dentist he's gay well we could we call
him the tooth fairy but have you noticed
a dentist never speaks T it's always his
assistants in it she's the one she
sticks you in the chair don't she then
she gives you that pink stuff you know
that Campari disinfectant and I never
drink it when she turns her back I spit
it in the bowl
then a injection and when off your head
doesn't work he wants a conversation
how's the wife and family